Update README regarding wp-content submodule (#43)
OBF/OBF.github.io: README.md

#### Seeing images on localhost

At the moment (2025-03-05), historic images live in a large separate repo
https://github.com/OBF/wp-content/ which is included as a git submodule.

> If you want to view images in the web pages on localhost:1313, you will need
> to have cloned that repo via the `git submodule update` command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to view images in the web pages on localhost:1313, you will need
to also initialise this repository, which is currently setup using the 
`git submodule` workflow. **By default the `wp-content` submodule is not cloned**

To load it you can run: 

* `cd OBF.github.io/`
* `git submodule init`
* `git submodule update`

Getting the files can take a while (the `wp-content` repo is ~500 MB).

```

This may change.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Adding new images

For new images, you can place these into the `static/img` folder of this repository (you can also make sub-folders there if useful).  

When compiling the website during the build, Hugo will move everything in `static/` into the website root, i.e. to `open-bio.org/`. This means that when linking images you do not have to include the `static/` as part of the media/image link. 

As an example: A file that resides in `static/img/test-image.jpg` should be linked in the markdown files like this: `![an image](/img/test-image.jpg)`

It is also good practice to name media files with the date you add them/the date of the page/post you want to add them to, i.e. `2025-03-04-blogpost-image.jpg`

```

Author: On a larger scale website I would push for a subfolder convention from the start. The date prefix is nice, perhaps recommend a year subfolder too (four digit)?

Reviewer: Sounds good to me! Having the format be `img/YEAR/YYYY-MM-DD-imagename.format` is not too cumbersome and makes navigating still easy enough.
